add persistent subnets (#480)
Consensys/doc.teku: docs/reference/cli/index.md

Forces the beacon node to stay subscribed to all subnets regardless of the number of validators. The default is `false`.

> When set to `false`, Teku subscribes to 2 persistent subnets regardless of the number of validators. Teku will also subscribe and unsubscribe from subnets as needed for the running validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `false`, Teku subscribes to two persistent subnets regardless of the number of validators. Teku also subscribes and unsubscribes from subnets as needed for the running validators.
```
